[Autogenerated] in this demonstration.
Weldon, deploy a client VPN en pointe.
We're gonna be working with the A.
D s consul throughout on the front.
Follow Miss Demonstration.
And we do encourage you to follow along.
You'll need your own aid to Wes account.
I'm in the 80 West Consul specifically the VPC dashboard in the London region.
If I scroll down Albert have found the VPN section in the VPN section.
I want client VPN points.
So if I select that and then I'll click create client VPN en pointe
and again my face with a standard form fill in.
So first of a fighter named the VPN in point on
description and then the guy PV four sided look that's
gonna be used to give our i p addresses.
The clients connected into this client VPN point return it short.
This side of look is not being used anywhere else in our network.
Nah, nah.
VP sees unknown premise If the side of luck overlaps
with oversight of locks in use,
then we'll wanting to ruin difficult is laying around.
The next thing to consider is authentication.
We need to provide a service certificate,
so I construct a certificate bodies and drop down list.
This certificate will be used to authenticate the same point to the client,
and it needs to be a certificate this big issued by Amazons.
Difficult manager.
If you don't have a civic er,
go to Amazon Secret manual first on request one Amazon
city manager is region specific.
So make sure you request a certificate in the same region.
You're deploying your client VPN en pointe.
We can now choose our authentication method.
Mutual authentication will require digital certificates to
be installed on the client machines.
I'll use the best often occasion if I select user based authentication.
He asked me for details of an active directory tenant.
So from the dropdown list, I consent my active directory service.
This active duty service commis simplicity,
Amazons managed Mike's off active directory service.
Or, if we confused, Eddie Connector could be our own premise Directory service.
Scroll down a little bit and we can configure Logan.
We can configure DNF server properties.
We can configure the transport for a call and you have
an option to enable spit tunneling.
We can also choose the vpc that this client VPN point gives access to.
If you're half of your configuration, then select Create client VPN en pointe.
The end point will only take a couple of minutes configure and when it does,
it will appear here to finish off our configuration.
We had association.
If I select the association's tap, I'm click associate events like my VP,
Sense of net and then click associate.
You can have several associations so you can go for those steps
several times he can say I've run for that associate with it twice
and I've got to submit association.
We can also configure security groups,
route tables and authorization using authorization we can control which
users that can connect this client VPN en pointe.
All we have to do now is configured the VPN client software
on our users laptops to help us with that where this download
client configuration options.
If I slept that then I construct download and we end up
download in an open V P M package.
This package can then be used to configure people's laptops to
connect this client VPN point In this model,
we've introduced you to aid us manage VPN.
We discussed static and dynamic V pins and we created
to follow along without VPN demos.
We also introduced Cloud Up and client VPN en Pointe.
In our next module.
We'll take a look at software site site V.
P N's. So join me there and we'll continue on AWS hybrid networking journey.